README.md, before:

### Semester project android part for the SEP4 Course at VIA University College. 
![Image](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5d/VIA_UC_logo.png)

### Contributors
- Lili Toth
- Stefan Georgiev

### App Product backlog
#### Estimates for story points on a scale of 1 to 10:
- 1 -> 1-2 hours
- 10 -> 19-20 hours

| ID | Priority | Description   | Estimate  | Approved | 
| -- | -------  |:-------------:| :--------:| :------: | 
| 1  | Critical | As a user I want to be able to see the temperature of my chosen location |   8     | ❌/✔️ | 
| 2  | Critical | As a user I want to be able to see the temperature for multiple hours  |   8     | ❌    | 
| 3  | High | As a user I want to be able to add location to my forcast list.  |    5     | ❌      |
| 4  | High | As a user I want to be able to see a visualization of the forcast  |    5     | ❌      |
| 5  | High | As a user I want to be able to switch between locations |    5     | ❌      |
| 6  | Low | As a user I want to be able to see the weather forecast for the next 6 days |    6     | ❌      |
| 7  | Low | As a user I want to be able to see the previous temperature while offline |    3     | ❌      |
| 8  | Low | As a user I want to be |    3     | ❌      |
| 9  | Low | As a user I want to be |    3     | ❌      |

### Change log:
| ID| Description | Contributor | Date | 
| - |-----------|:-----------:|:----:|
| 1   | Initial commit <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 44 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 0 |   Stefan, Lili    | 02.07.2022 |
| 2   | Create README.md <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 1 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 0 |   Stefan    | 02.07.2022 |
| 3   | Update README.md <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 0 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 1 |   Stefan    | 02.07.2022 |
| 3   | Update README.md <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 0 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 1 |   Stefan    | 02.07.2022 |
| 4   | Retrofit initial commit <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 5 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 8 |   Stefan    | 04.07.2022 |
| 5   | Retrofit finalized commit <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 1 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 10 |   Stefan    | 05.07.2022 |
| 6   | Update README.md <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 0 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 1|   Lili    | 06.07.2022 |
| 7   | Update README.md <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 0 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 1|   Lili    | 06.07.2022 |
| 8   | Adding Details layout <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 8 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 4|   Stefan    | 06.07.2022 |
| 9   | Small changes <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 0 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 3|   Stefan    | 07.07.2022 |
| 10   | Update README.md <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 0 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 1|   Stefan    | 07.07.2022 |

### Progress bar
- [x] Initial commit of the app (02.07.2022)
- [x] Initial commit of README.md (02.07.2022)
- [ ] Work period for the SEP4 app ( 02.07.2022 - 12.08.2022 )
- [ ] Handin for the android app semester project (12.08.2022)
- [ ] Examination (Late August)

### [Youtube Preview of the app] ()

### References

Commit message:

Adding Details pathing (VM, Fragment)

README.md, after:

### Semester project android part for the SEP4 Course at VIA University College. 
![Image](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5d/VIA_UC_logo.png)

### Contributors
- Lili Toth
- Stefan Georgiev

### App Product backlog
#### Estimates for story points on a scale of 1 to 10:
- 1 -> 1-2 hours
- 10 -> 19-20 hours

| ID | Priority | Description   | Estimate  | Approved | 
| -- | -------  |:-------------:| :--------:| :------: | 
| 1  | Critical | As a user I want to be able to see the avgTemp of my chosen location |   8     | ❌/✔️ | 
| 2  | Critical | As a user I want to be able to see the avgTemp for multiple hours  |   8     | ❌    | 
| 3  | High | As a user I want to be able to add location to my forcast list.  |    5     | ❌      |
| 4  | High | As a user I want to be able to see a visualization of the forcast  |    5     | ❌      |
| 5  | High | As a user I want to be able to switch between locations |    5     | ❌      |
| 6  | Low | As a user I want to be able to see the weather forecast for the next 6 days |    6     | ❌      |
| 7  | Low | As a user I want to be able to see the previous avgTemp while offline |    3     | ❌      |
| 8  | Low | As a user I want to be |    3     | ❌      |
| 9  | Low | As a user I want to be |    3     | ❌      |

### Change log:
| ID| Description | Contributor | Date | 
| - |-----------|:-----------:|:----:|
| 1   | Initial commit <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 44 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 0 |   Stefan, Lili    | 02.07.2022 |
| 2   | Create README.md <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 1 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 0 |   Stefan    | 02.07.2022 |
| 3   | Update README.md <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 0 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 1 |   Stefan    | 02.07.2022 |
| 3   | Update README.md <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 0 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 1 |   Stefan    | 02.07.2022 |
| 4   | Retrofit initial commit <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 5 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 8 |   Stefan    | 04.07.2022 |
| 5   | Retrofit finalized commit <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 1 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 10 |   Stefan    | 05.07.2022 |
| 6   | Update README.md <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 0 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 1|   Lili    | 06.07.2022 |
| 7   | Update README.md <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 0 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 1|   Lili    | 06.07.2022 |
| 8   | Adding Details layout <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 8 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 4|   Stefan    | 06.07.2022 |
| 9   | Small changes <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 0 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 3|   Stefan    | 07.07.2022 |
| 10   | Update README.md <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 0 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 1|   Stefan    | 07.07.2022 |
| 11   | Adding Details pathing (VM, Fragment) <br/> 1. **_Added file(s) ✔️ ->_** 3 ↔️ **_2. Edited file(s) 📝 ->_** 8|   Stefan    | 08.07.2022 |

### Progress bar
- [x] Initial commit of the app (02.07.2022)
- [x] Initial commit of README.md (02.07.2022)
- [ ] Work period for the SEP4 app ( 02.07.2022 - 12.08.2022 )
- [ ] Handin for the android app semester project (12.08.2022)
- [ ] Examination (Late August)

### [Youtube Preview of the app] ()

### References
